So hello, namaskar friends, welcome again to
our
[music] I will give you the
link so you can check it, so let's
see the form, so the form looks something like this, so
this is basically an art form, an
overview of the entire form is given on the top side,
what is inside the form,
what documents will be required, the complete details are
given here, you can check here and
after that the form comes here in this way, there is a
Part A form, here Part A
which has to be filled in, that means the
present party has to fill it and there is a
Part B form which can be
filled through the hospital, you have to get
this form filled through the hospital, okay,
you have to fill up this form through the hospital,
here you have an NFT
form, here you have to fill in the form for an NFT form which is
your account details etc.,
you have to fill in the
account details etc. of the proposer
here and this is the KYC
form, it is regulated by RDI,
this KYC form has to be sent in every claim  Whether it is a
cashless claim or a
rebatement claim, okay, so basically, in this
part of this form,
what will be the claim type, which will be your main hospitalization
expense or pre and post expense, so
here, if you have
not taken any claim at the time of your hospitalization admission, then you will have to
tick mark here in main hospitalization expense,
if you want to claim in pre and post hospital expense, then
tick mark it,
basically, have you taken cashless or not, if
you have taken it, then you will have to tick mark it, if you have not taken it, then you will have to
tick mark it, if it is yes, then
basically this part will be tick mark it, okay, then you will have to click on the
patient
option, respect
to claim, patient details, you have to
enter the name of the patient, you have to enter the name of the patient, you have to
enter the card number which will be by entering
your card number, all these
details are there, date of
birth, age, gender, which one  Are you a service tax or a
student or which one is it, if you have
taken any medium previously then you have to tick mark on this, it would be
good if you mark it as no,
okay, you can mark it as no or you can mark it as no,
okay, current residential address,
you have to fill this address, any, you have to enter the
address which is in your Aadhar card,
okay, as per Aadhar card, you have to enter the
complete address,
you have to enter the complete Aadhar card address, okay and
email address, you can enter any email address, if
you are
filling up as a student or if you have a small child and want to
claim care, then you can enter any email, if
you have to enter it basically then enter it, if yes then you
can give any mobile number, it would be
good to give your registered mobile number,
you have to enter your Aadhar number or Aadhar number or for group and
corporate policy which I had already told earlier,
if it is a corporate policy, you have got it done while working, you have to
write their details, Apple ID, Apple ID,
you have to write the name of the company here, okay,
propose or employee will be the name of the Apple  You have to
enter if it is a corporate policy, if it is an
individual policy, then the name of the proposer
is ok, the name of the person in whose name the main policy hold is, has to be
entered, here relation with proposer
means what is the relation of the proposer with the patient, of the
proposer with the patient, ok, what is the relation of the proposer with that, you have to
basically fill up the current policy number,
you have to
write the card number, you have to
write the card number, this is the
card number of the proposer, everyone has a different card, you have to
enter the proposer card number, you have to
enter the card number of your patient, ok, keep
this in mind,
name of the hospital,
you have to enter the name of the hospital, here in which sub the
patient was admitted and tick mark,
date of admission, date of time, admission
time, you will get the final admission time,
date time, since when is the patient's
problem, with what problem was the
patient admitted, so since when is it and enter the date  Please
enter the approximate date.
If the injury is a given case, if there is an injury, if it is an
injury case, then this part has to be filled,
otherwise if there is an injury, if it is an injury
case, then skip filling it. Is there
any top up of the patient's policy or will there be a
top up, then mark the top up as yes or no. If it is yes, then
enter the policy number also. If it is no, then
leave it. Currently other medical person. Do
you have any other medical person? If yes, then mark it as no, then
leave it here. So on this page,
details of claim, what do you
want to claim? I had already told you earlier,
as on this page, if it is your pre-hospital expense, then mark it as expense. If it is
pre-hospital expense, then mark it as
post-hospital expense. If it is your charge, then mark it as
allowance. If it is your ES charge, then
mark it as otherwise, leave it. Whatever hospital
expense it is, if
you are claiming main hospitalization expense, then
enter the entire bill on this page. Whatever bill it is, if it is a day
bill, then enter the entire date
here.  Okay, if you are claiming prepaid post hasp, then please
write it down, okay, please
write down, okay, please write down the period, for
how many days are you claiming, you will
give the days, 30 days and
you get 60 days, postpaid you get 30 days,
okay, it will be in the second part, if there is any other
expense on this, then please put it,
otherwise you will leave it, basically it will be
good to leave it, your billing details on this, the
complete details of your billing details have been
made, room rent, how much is the room
rent, put the entire bill here, what all, what all,
total amount, bye forget, the
bill you will get, please put it down,
if you have any package or it has happened
in any package, then basically put it in the package
or put it in the package, it will be
best, okay,
put the package here at one place,
first put the bill number, give the
complete billing amount, write the package here,
write the package, after that put the
complete bill here, okay, after that
See here what
documents will be required here, your complete details are
given here, what documents will be required,
your complete documents, this list is given,
mark them, basically the
documents which you are giving, tick
mark the same, after that sign,
put the date here, put the
name of the place where you are belonging, the district,
okay, here basically you are
billing with J and your name will be S, do it with S,
okay, this pay provider details, this pay or
reason delay sum document, if
your time is over even after 30 days of discharge, if
you make a claim after a month, then you will have to
give the reason there, what is the reason for so
many days, why was it delayed, to
submit, you have to submit it within 30 days
after discharge, okay, this is how this Part B
form is, you guys know, take it to the hospital,
this is the hospital part, the
entire hospital will fill it up, the entire hospital will fill it up,
take the certificate,
people will fill it in the hospital
basically  Part C or details will also have to be filled.
Details of the proposer will have to be made.
Complete details of the proposer's account number will have to be made.
Enter the patient name here, patient name, PAN number and the
proposer's PAN number will have to be entered
here. Enter the proposer's PAN number, card number, ID number of the
patient. Claim: If you have a
claim number, enter it, otherwise do not
leave it. Give the contact number which is
your registered contact number.
If you have an address, then enter it, otherwise leave it.
Tick mark on this. You are
giving a self-attested cancelled cheque.
Proposer Policy Date Applicant
Name Proposer Bank
Account Name of the
Bank Branch Name of the Branch Hospital
Address of Bank ISC Code is ok Prosecutor
Bank Number Account Number Hospital Account Number
is ok If you have completed
filling up all these, fill up all these things like this.
After filling up all these, you will have to
fill up KYC on this page. The KYC
of the proposer will be in the name of the proposer.
This will be the details of the proposer or the
details of the employee, the complete form will have the
photo of the employee,
if it is the proposer then the photo of the proposer will be there,
after that the signature of the proposer anyone
can sign, after signing
give the relation in the bank, okay, it is filled like this,
you can do it like this, if
you have already got your KYC done then enter the KYC number
here, after that you will have to fill up the form,
you will have to fill the form,
okay so let's go, this is how you can
claim reimbursement, so this was in today's video,
if there is any problem then you
can inform me in the comment, I will
definitely help you guys